Nanonium	Name Nanonium, but you can call me whatever you find easier and isnt obnoxious\nCountry Murica, frick yeah\nLanguages English and Urdu\nAbout A friend, someone to talk to even tho Im bad at socializing, and most importantly a human being just like you\nHobbies Gaming, video production, cooking, and socializing on Discord to fill the bright void of completeness inside me
Portwine	Im a nonbinary 25 yo from the American Midwest. Im a senior psychology major with plans to get a masters in Social Work, Im buddhist, and Im married. I love playing tabletop RPGs, cooking, gardening, playing french horn, and taking long walks.
hwasa	hello everyone my name is Sugava Crncuga but you can call me Billie, I am from Brooklyn and Im 21 years old, I am a spiritual agnostic and Im going to medical college
VikingCasanova	Hellooo! My name is David, Im 25 and wanted to find a cool place just to meet new people.\nIm not religious. But love and obsess over studying asatrusim/pagan religions. I know 3 languages and am currently trying to learn old Norse old icelandic
ILikeEverythingExceptForCountry	Name Bernie, but you can call me Country B Dawg ILikeEverything \nCountry USA USA US 😅 😐 😟 \nLanguages English and some French on hon \nAbout I just turned 26 and work as UX designer with a psych degree. I feel very cut off from the world right now and actually pretty lonely. So here I am. \nHobbies I cycle through things. Music is a constant, though. Lately Ive been into photography
bitchwhatthefuck	Name I go by Andi, or you can call me Apollo because of my username. Im fine with whatever as long as it isnt mean\nCountry The US \nLanguages Just English \nAbout Im 18 and lonely ash if Im being honest. Im going through some stuff and just wanna make some new friends. I love giving advice and having good convos with good people! Im into most everything \nHobbies My biggest hobby is cooking. I loveeee to cook. I watch anime occasionally and live on Netflix, Im down to talk about music and I love exploring.
daisyisnotcreative	Hiiii im Daisy, 18, from the UK GB I only speak English but I can speak some broken Spanish and Im really interested in learning Spanish again duolingo has really helped me out with that ha I dont have particularity interesting hobbies because I spend too long on social media embarrassing, I know... but I love journaling and Ive recently started drawing and exercising at home which is pretty fun \nIm down to talk about literally anything! I joined to do just that, and I hope I get to interact with as many of you guys as I can from reading your introductions, you all sound super interesting!
venom	Hi, Im Ash, 24 from the UK living in London. Pretty much a full time stoner, working and Cycling. Not much of a gamer anymore. But i enjoy my music, watching streams, Tv shows and movies!\nI dont really do much, pretty laid back and easy going, just tryna get by.
cagtaadacun	sallo, 19. I live in NL I love music photography and spending time w good people. I study accountancy now basically but im planning to finish this switch to HR in uni hopefully hu ok bye
lilmoonvert	Hellooo. Call me B if ya want. 24, from Chicago, US and I speak English. Im an artist in any medium and I geek out of life, science, supernatural, philosophy, art, media. I love having conversations, light or deep, and I like to talk film/tv. I like safe spaces so its a judgement free zone when communicating with me
missingusername	Hi Im Claudia, Almost 32, an expat living in France. Im looking for some people to talk about travel, languages, puppies, 9s stuff, music, and whatever you do for introvert fun
Portwine	Hey, its Ana. Into reading and music. Discovering things currently. Hope you all are doing good x.
Portwine	I am Devender from India. A Web Developer and here to meet people all around the world
Isadoorian	Howdy\nIm Tristan, a 24 year old guy from British Columbia, Canada\nHe/Him\nI like Video/Card/Tabletop games, reading, cooking, baking and other things \nOver the past couple months or so I came to realize that Im Bi/Pansexual\nAnd after some time of denial, I also recently discovered I suffer from bouts of RSD Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria on top of Social Anxiety and am still unsure of how to fix or work around it \nI also have a Cognitive Delay\nDMs Open and feel free to add me on here!
mariel92	Im Mariel, 27 from Canada hobbies photography, working out, watching movies tv shows listening to music 🙂
AkiraSpeedRacer	Im Matthew, 21 from Wisconsin. I love anime and league. I snowboard in the winter and kayak in the summer. I love anything jrr tolkien and I have an obsession with peanut butter. Also I have an ear for music and I generally listen to hip hop, rnb, and neo soul.
Portwine	Oh sorry for introducing late. Im Jashy, 19 but running 2 in August yay me! Im from Philippines. I love reading books and watching movies. I love singing in fact im a ProEarRapist ever heard a duck trying to sing? Thatll be sound like me and i love dancing, good god i really love to dance like i was born to dance to let people see how a chicken would dance in human form. And im self proclaim Cute and Psycho
MrBrekss	Mrbrekss Philippines 31 🏼 i enjoy playing fortnite,cod,civilization, shooter games Im a fan of any genre of music btw and love books
comodore	Ian here! From the Philippines.\nDiscord newbie. This is one of the first communities I have joined.\nLoves singing, reading, researching, watching films and documentaries.
YaBoiMolotov66	Hey, Im Rob from Maryland. Im 22, like writing, drawing, and watching tv. I love all kinds of music,other than most country music, and im probably gonna be lurking around the debate tab often.
MaximTomato	Hi! Im Max from BC, Canada 🍁 \nCasually good at many games, love talking, listening, and having fun\nI like going through my 2 games on steam trying out all types of new and older games 😎 Im mainly into casual games and have a lot of fun in coop games 🎮 If you wanna try out different games for fun feel free to hmu and we can choose a random steam game to play if you have it👌 \np.s.my favourite gif is the hamster calling kanye west on facetime 😳 DMs are always open
crazycatlady73	Hi, Im Ample. 25 yo from the Philippines. I speak English and Filipino fluently, but would also love to practice my unused basic Spanish. Im here exploring discord channels due to quarantine boredom. Im a sw developer. My interests and hobbies includes watching series on Netflix, binging cooking/tech/mobile/trivia videos Youtube, running, cats, bullet journalling, and traveling, boardgames, astrophotography, and trivias about anything interesting. Nice to meet you all. Btw Im shy but my DM is always open.
Portwine	Hi, you can call me Lee or Pochi im fine with both. I come from France but I can speak english with the best... I mean worst accent ever. I like a lot of things like gaming, music of every kind, watching TV shows or anime and much more honestly a lot of things. I hope I can meet great people out there so we can cheer each other up! Hope to make your acquaintance!
Maajki	Hi I am Maajki, just gonna keep this short and sweet. I am 2 yo, I play drums, I play all kinds of games and I have an avid interest of music. Mostly music from the 198s2s.Mostly Radiohead
JackTheRippr	Hello, Im Jack. Im 25 years old from the US. I speak English but am currently set to study Arabic. I like gaming, anime, manga, and finding out more about life. An interesting fact about me is that I am a convert to Islam and am very happy as a Muslim. Looking forward to meeting you all!
hhully	hi, im hunter from the US. i like open world games, books of all kinds, football, and classical music. ive played violin for about eleven years im 2. currently studying history with a concentration in early america. i mostly read and write in my spare time, but im also a cinephile and lover of all things outdoors. my dms are open for anyone who wants to chat!
Portwine	Hello there my names Samuel and people from GC should know me. Im 23 years old and I am an immigrant from Germany to the US. I like to read play video games and play/listen to music
naima	Hey hey, im Naima but you can call me whatever my username is. I live in the US and Im bilingual but youre going to have to wait and find out bout it. I enjoy studying law, pysch, and most kinds of sciences and im also into reading sometimes, exploring new things. I like cooking but I usually burn my food more than anything lol. I love all the glam tings but I think simplicity is elegent. Sometimes, im funny too. Okay im going to stop writing a biography now.
S1REN	Hello everybody, Im always looking for meaningful conversation. That is all, thank you for reading this.
Artkon	Hi, my name is Artemios I am from Armenia living in Greece. I like to talk about stuff..
Vipe	Hey! Im Gusto. Im into making new friends. My DMs open I dont bite 🙂
Syrens	Hi Im Ren, and Ill be turning 23 soon. I play a couple of games, and I love to draw but most of the time Id like to do em with friends I hope to find lovely people here and make new friends! Ive been listening to indie songs lately, but Id love to explore new music so dont hesitate to send me your playlist from spotify
C212	Hi, Im Ian. Looking forward to having some nice, meaningful conversation with you all!
Cadbury	Hi, Im Cadbury from the UK. Im 27 and enjoy casual gaming, watching anime/reading manga and drawing. In terms of music I like a little bit of everything, especially gaming/anime soundtracks.
temporary	hi there, im mya and i live in san fracisco with my fiance and daughter mia. uh theres not much too me. im 21 but turning 2 soon so idk. looking forward to meeting you all
Paladin	Hi, Im Mohamed from Algeria. Ill turn 2 soon I love watching tv shows and movies I like to talk about different stuff tho Im an introvert I am a great listener.
Chance	Hello my name is Chance. I am 25. I live in the southern US. I like, well pretty much anything. Down to talk, listen to you vent, or give advice if needed. I like to game and watch videos. DMs are open!
cineselena	Hey, Im Selena! 25 y/o Canadian who loves games/movies/books and is open to heavier topics of discussion and Im interested in diving into philosophy more!
KeshaV	Hey, Im Keshav and from India. Turning 25 soon. I love games, Cinema, Music. I have 1 knowledge in almost all stuffs. So you can talk about anything, I can listen My DMs open!
amarettoalex	Hi Im alex! I work in web development and live with my husband in Texas with our cat Queso and dog Leo! I love games, movies and tv, and graphic novels. Right now Im playing through assassins creed origins and trying to learn java script!
💕Nezuko🌸🌺	Hi Im katie Im 21 turning 2 on the 25th of this month umm I like reading gaming anime music if you want to know more just hit me up I suck at these things xD
Kai	Greetings from Pakistan.\nMy name is Salman. Im 2 years of age. Here to make some cool friends. Love watching movies, tv series addicted to friends tv series. Love swimming, running, watching sky and listening to nature. I am a Muslim,of course, given the country so, yeah thats me. Dms are open to everyone.
Portwine	Hi um im Tyson, u can call me ace or Tyson i dont mind. Im 18yrs of age my bdayy is in October. I usually buy n sell xbox gamertags its my primary hobby due to all this corona stuff. Check out my showcase if u want to see what cool xbox names ive had over the time of buying n selling them. I love playing xbox i mean who doesnt. Im always online if someone wants to dm me id text them all day ngl cus im usually bored n hv no friends😂. Uh yea thats abt it i think idk if theres anything else i needa say
Portwine	Hello, Im Lisle, I teach History and I think its part of who I am and I love it. I like to play videogames, but Im so good at it, I also really into poetry, books, history, philosophy and nature. My dm is open to talk, feel free to talk to me
Gutierrez	Hello, Im Adrian. Im 19 years old, I love languages and one of my goals is to be a polyglot. Im in discord because I wanna meet new people, get to know new cultures, get into good and fresh conversations and DM me if you want to know me
ligiamrf	Hello my name is LIgia i am 23 years and i am from Brazil. I study cinema and audiovisual at university. I love art and I really want to know other cultures and meet people. Lets talk!
shinniesheerio	Hi! Im shin from the philippines. I am 28F, single and Im here to find friends and have fun 🙂 Looking forward to interacting with everyone!😅😊
Lake	yo my name is Lake I am 2 and Im studying cs in college
Alwaleed	Hello world , I am Alwaleed from Sultanate of Oman Middle East I am 18, my bday 24/May. The main purpose of being here is to meet new friends from different countries and cultures and to practice my English. I like movies especially the Horrified and mysterious categories also I really like pure mathematics and programming. The most important thing that I am openminded so whoever you are you can chat with me regardless of your religion , tribe , traditions and customs , language....etc. I dont care.🌹💝
Portwine	Hello 😌\nName Ckl, Ck, C \nLocation Missouri, US\nAge 25\nLookin for good vibes, good convo\nLikes music, clothes, designing, edibles, mental health topics, tik toks\nHmu for any other questions 😌
SAndY	hello, im alex. im just hear to meet new people and have a good time. i like films, writing and psychology. 🙂
megalosaurus	name saurus or dino.\nage 24\nlocation koala land. \ninterests dancing, gymnastics, christmas, dinos, disney, my offspring. \ndislikes humans mostly oops.
thallzilla	Whats up everyone! My names Eric, im a 25yr old dude living in San Antonio, TX. I like gaming and jamming out to ALL kinds of music, also a bit of a health nut so im always working out lol. Just looking to talk to someone since its been a little lonely for these days. HMU if your down to talk or just bullshit and send funny memes to each other.
NeoBahamut	Name Pedro\nAge 36\nGender Male\nCountry Portugal PT\nAbout me IT software project manager for living. \nI like to make friends, know other cultures an traditions.\nLove to travel\nIm one old school gamerps4, switch,Xboxone X... you name it \nLike movies, TV shows and Anime.\nLove to cook. \nLove riding motorcycle\nLove to paint charcoal, oil\nLove to play piano kinda recent adventure \nKinda to discord, so Im a bit lost here.\nFeel free to DM me if you want to talk, always up for meeting new friends.
essmem	Hi, Im sol from Mexico I am 18, here to talk about certain topics
Portwine	Hello\nName Akari Hana \nAge26\nResideTexas\nAbout Me Im half Filipino and White, I enjoy playing video games xbox , I hope to pick up painting again soon. Reading some books again, I like to converse as long as the conversation is going somewhere. Im a nice person I see no need to be mean or rude to anyone. If you want to know anything minor about me DM me.
McPuffin!	🌺Name Puffin or Puff Puff not real name\n🌺Age 19\n🌺From Murcia \n🌺Relationship status Taken\n🌺Extra Im an artist, I am interested in foreign languages and cultures! I love learning about pshycology, science, history and more stuff! I also happen to play Osu! In my free time \n🌺Dms Open! Lookin for new friends!
Jester	Heyyyoooo, names Vaor a is silent, Vor Im 2 Im a senior in college! My major is industrial technology, what I plan to do with that degree is either join the Air Force and train to be an officer but if I get a job before that Ill stick with that job. I want to find something in the safety industry, possibly work for OSHA. My hobbies are going to the gym, golf, martial arts. I have a black belt in Taekwondo.
misa	Helloooo, my names Misael. Im 19 years old from the Philippines. Just here to make friends since quarantine gave a lot of free time.
CoolMeme	Hi! Im Josh Im 2 and Im just looking for some friends to talk to and share stories and meaningful conversations! 👍
🌻lilmissdemongirl🌻	Hello I am curious Im 29 years old single mom of century degree I am I am located in Pennsylvania I am a pet mom I am I am really just looking for someone that I can connect with and Possibly more.
Portwine	Hello, I am Anita from India now in USA. I am a housewife and currently doing some online studies. I hope to start a job soon. Thanks you!
Triton289	Hello everybody. My name is triton, Im 22F and Im working full time and schooling full time. Im also a single mom of an adorable toddler.
👄	Konnichiwa guys! Call me Ellee from the Pearl of the Orient Sea.. So boredom brought me here. Just wanna meet amazing people.. Im happy to be in this server. They say, Im funny..Lets see tho
nebudonut	Hello, Im Rosa from Germany, but originally from Russia, and Im 19 F. I like hiking in nature, and also Sudoku. I like philosophical discussions or discussions in general. Feel free to DM me to discuss about anything!
Yakuza69	Hi! Namira here from Bangladesh so being a typical teenager of 18 curiosity brought me here, hope to make lots of nice friends
palehorse343	hi, im 19m from texas. looking for people to talk to about anything. also if you can teach me to be better at halo, hmu
Tsuki	Hello, Im 19, Male from the Philippines. Just want to talk about anything actually.
Xen	Hello there! Im Kevin, 29. Just attempting to find some fellow travelers on these here Discord servers. Found the place on one of the server advert sites. With that said, Im looking forward to mingling with the residents. o/
SHADOWPOINTE	Hi, Im Alphabetical from the US. I like politics, games, YouTube, and anime, and my DMs are open for any new friends
DawnDeathless	Hello Everyone! \nHere to have interesting/meaningful conversations..\nInto self growth, interested in wide variety of topics history, numerology, astrology, mbti, meditation, yoga, music and anything that makes me curious...
Camille	Im here to kick ass and conversate in a meaningful way and i am all out of ass to kick\nIm camille and im 2
Portwine	Hey there\nThis is vysakh from India,new to discord with Interest Im memes YouTube,games and stuffs \nMy DM is always open for people to connect \nHappy!
Pongal	Hey Im Pongal from the Uk\nI like most types of music Im open to new styles, I love animals and love cooking vegetarian food. would love to swap recipes, Im easy enough to talk to, but make lots of errors because i type too fast 😆 👋
Bernhard	Hi, Im Bernhard, my friends call me Bernhard. I am starting college soon, born September 12, 21 on a Wendesday on which the moon phase was a waning crescent. My blood type is O, therefore makes me a universal donorIm not one to brag but this is something I take pride in and flex on a daily basis. I wish theres more I could say but after a recent incident I was strongly advised not to include my social security number when introducing myself.
Puffy	Yo I am Puffy , aka Evan. I have different nick names, but you may call me Puffy. I am 19 years of age. My favorite hobbies are running, swimming, video games, video editing, finding new music and tennis. I am pretty chill, I like to think I am everyones fav marshmallow. If you ever want to have a conversation with me I am always down.
alwaysNaCly	Hi Im Alwayssalty from the US. I like reading, dogs, salads, dry humor, and Im more of an introverted homebody than outgoing and super social. Im going to be starting my senior year of college soon. All of my friends are quarantining and the loneliness is finally starting to hit me, so here I am.
Shubhankar	Hey there guys Im Shubhankar from India. I pretty much like to talk about anything. I love sports , sort of a tech guy and who doesnt love food.
Lilac	Hey there my name is Shania Im 18 year old from Massachusetts. Im hear to talk to new people and have fun! My hobbies include videogames, exercise, hiking and science also my dms are always open if anyone wants to talk with me Im chill!
SpectralOhmu	Hi, Im Mark, 23 yo, he/him, from Russia. I am trying to make a switch from the runet to the englishspeaking Internet. I want to meet new people, have long interesting conversations.\nI love drawing and some popular fandoms.
Khaleesi	Hi Im Farah, 23 years old. Im a french woman. I look for people whom I can have some discussion and fun
jake	ayo, im jake, 18, and australian the land down under mate
BrokenHaiku	I have appeared. Unfortunately without any magical puff or wisp of smoke, but hello! Im Max, jackofalltrades. Like a lot of things, but lets just wrap it up under the terms geek/nerd, and you can unwrap if curious. Looking forward to knowing you all.
Portwine	Hi there im Samuel, a lot of you may know me from Fun convos but im here now. im 23 and live with my fiance. i like to read, play video games, and play the b a s s im rather easy to talk to so dont be afraid to strike something up.
Portwine	Hello to everyone, Im 18, just looking forward to meeting new people and making online friends
Chaka	Im Ooga Chaka dont ask where my name is from and some of you in here know me from elsewhere. But if you dont then good to meet you
Dovjir	Hello. My name is Dan, and I have been searching for a group of mature, generally positive and genuine individuals that still appreciate and reciprocate pleasant conversation and friendship without ulterior motives. Theres a surplus of imbalance in the world, and while Ive struggled to find goodnatured folks for years now, this year has been a unique challenge. It seems that immediatesatisfaction is at its peak, and rather than discovering a persons depths with time, most are content in spending no more than 15 seconds before getting bored and ghosting in search for the shiniest toy. Im unsure if my search will end here, but time will tell. Im happy to chat back with respectful people 🙂
Killmoovez	Hello Im Ugo, a web developer, new to discord, looking forward to make friends... 😎
Clau	Hey Im Clau, 24, she/they, would love to meet nice people to have light positive and truthful conversations. You can call me on pvt if you want or just chat!
Moonlight	Hi! My name is Andreea. Nice to meet you all! Hope to make good friends.
Sherni	Name Ammu\nAge2\nPronouns she/her\nCountryIndia\nFavourite M character 7 Share whatever you want about yourself I am an Engineering student,deptEEE,I like to draw and play piano, I also love to read manga and webtoon
Nikotin	NAME Adam, or just Niko\n AGE 19\n LOCATION Europe, but NZ sleep schedule\n LIKEs Music, Tabletops, Games, Memes, Anime, Philosophy, Science, Poetry\n DIsLIKEs Extremists, Censrship, greedy DLCs\n ABOUT ME I spend most of my days working on an RPG tabletop with my friends\nI love music really, I have way too many songs playlists and space a lot, among other things, like rain, comfy clothing, and sometimes dancing or writing poems, but Im not that great at those\nFrom books, Terry Pratchetts are my favorite, specifically the Discworld series Humans need fantasy to be human\nMy top 6 favorite games are Rimworld, Va11 Halla, Gothic, OneShot, Undertale Minecraft\nBalance, selfimprovement, learning helping others are some of the things that make me feel fulfilled\nFeel free to hit me up with anything Im up for me talks as well as deep philosophical convos
Diaz	I am Charu. 2 years old. I like writing. And I am an old school girl. I just want to make new friends. 😌 Hope to meet new people.
Sage💀🍰	Hey there Im Sage. Im a 19 year old person who uses they/them pronouns. Im not that much of a complicated person but I do prefer not to be descriptive about myself. Im a poet and writer, with interests in witchcraft, Astrology, Nature, and video games. \nHit me up! Im always looking for friends c
Jellyfizh	Hi im from Australia and I just want to learn as well as share meaningful conversations. Ive always been in a small world because of my anxiety but now Im ready to be open to new people. Lets talk! sorry if my name is off putting but im 1 percent sincere 🙂
Saphy/Alyx	Hello, I am Saphy! I am here to find good friends and hopefully have a meaningful conversation 🙂 I am new to discord
franZ	Hi everyone ,i am francis. I am a 21 year old from india. I am here to find good friends.
mavriq	Hey! Hope you all are doing well in these times, Im Jon, 22, and from Switzerland. I am a carpenter by profession, and build domes for a living. I hope to find awesome people, get to know them ,and make friends!
Miik	Hello! Im Taylor from Texas looking to make some new friends. Thank you for having me
calaye	Hey! Im Sarah from Atlanta, 33, queer, and very nerdy. I have fairly bad anxiety and PTSD, so its been hard for me to make friends recently. I look forward to chatting with everyone!
Potatoesmashymash	Good evening everybody! I am Joshua. Im 2 years old, from the United States, I am an INFJ and I am currently a college student studying computer science. I also like to do art in my spare time. I hope to make friends who will become close to me.
LAB	Hi, Im Lab, Im 21 and from the United States. I have schizophrenia which makes it a little difficult to socialize sometimes. Came here to have some meaningful conversations and maybe make some friends along the way. I aspire to become a college professor in the psychology field one day. But for now I am taking a break from college to improve my mental health.
supernova97	Hey hey. Im Hanna. From Canada originally. 23 years old. Just here to socialize some more. I have social anxiety which makes it hard to make and keep friends in person, I guess? Meh
Ash	Name Ash/anything you want tbh\nAge 18\nGender Male\nBirthday 24/4/22\nLocation UK \nHobbies F1 Hamilton fan, techbased stuff, football, watching TV, hiphop in general, anime, cycling, bingeing YT, coding and loads of other stuff\nLikes CATS, nice people, vibing well with people, tech, and wholesome vibes \nDislikes Bad/toxic people in general lol\nIm an extrovert so I kinda live off da energies given off by people I talk to. Im hype most timess and Id love to find people who I can be hype with. DMs are always partially open so please ask before entering 😇
Yuzu	Hellow. You can call me Yuzu.\nIm a 27 years old girl. Lives somewhere in Asia.\nMy hobbies are playing video games, mostly world of Warcraft, playing around making amateur music covers 😂 \nI like cats, coffee, rains, blue, and some acoustic songs.\nIm an introvert.\nI came here because I crave for some conversations.\nWanting to start relations from zero again if that makes any sense.\nIm open to talk one on one.\nHoping to find good people to talk with
churningbutter	Name churningbutter , but I go by my game name too, bubble 😊 \nAge 18\nAbout me If we become friends, Ill entertain you with my dumbness \nDislikes WHIP CREAMinsert gagging snakes, aaaand jelly beans\nMy DM is open, come talk your heart out or just rant. I dont mind \nGender \nHobbies reading, writing, gaming, staring into space, errr having the ability to bite my jaw then tongue right after\nI live in the US\nSexuality I believe Im straight, but Im bicurious. So I am confusion\nNice to meet you all
Mariaa	Hi, Im Maye. Im an Asian! 21. Im into coding, books and movies. I love reading and sharing poems! 💛 Im just here to look for some genuine weird friends online, talk about reincarnation, serial killers, and some deep conversations. I love talking to people online Im a bit nosy. So be ready! lol 🌻
OverDeN	My name is OverDeN Im 18 years old. I am not married. I am currently a student. I dont smoke, nor drink. After doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning. I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. Im trying to explain that Im a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness. Although, if I were to fight I wouldnt lose to anyone.
CheckDown	Hey Everyone!\nName CheckDown\nAge 26\nGender Male\nLocation USA\nHobbies Coding, Poetry, Reading\nI love helping people and talking to people through tough time. I went through a lot myself and the kindness of internet strangers was a big help. My DMs are open so please reach out if you feel free! \nI also hope to share my poems with yall 🙂
Varmenhare	Hey everyone D\nName Varmenhare\nAge late 2s\nGender Male\nLocation USA\nHobbies herpticulture, backpacking, topography\nIm a backpacking forester working in the utility sector. I love to talk and am ridiculously open to the right conversations. Ill talk, just message me, and well easily connect.\nWanna know a plant? Take a picture, and Ill identify it for you...mushrooms as well!
cherophobia	Name Chero works fine \nAge 3\nGender Female\nLocation USA\nHobbies photography, hiking and more that Im not willing to list at the moment because Im lazy. \nCame over from the old folks server
Skyler	Name Skyler\nAge 2i identify as 18\nHeight511I identify as 64\nWeight39 staplers\nSex one time while i was trying to fall asleep my pet fish jumped out of its fishbowl and screamed ayo gabooblus in a western fashion, rendering me catatonic for 3 days\nSexuality Latin America\nAbout me just a british girl looking for an eboy with a deep voice
McIsawithCheese	Name Isabel please just call me Isa \nAge 26\nHeight 5 \nGender Female\nLocation US\nHobbies Drawing digital and traditional, video games, watching anime and obscure dark animated films. Hiking and\n camping! \nMusic anything but mostly rock and alternative, i like interpol a lot.\nWeakness Social anxiety, Depression and a big worrier.
Portwine	Name Sinclair\nAge 2\nGender male\nLocation US\nHobbies Video Games, Watching Anime, writing,Hiking,Camping and other outdoor thing
Double	Name Chase\nAge 18\nGender/Pronoun PolyAquatic Tractor He/Him/Male\nLocation East Coast USA\nHeight 59.5 Identifies as 51\nHobbies Cars, Offroading, Overlanding, Video Games, Music of most genres.\nMusic Tastes Led Zeppelin, Van Halen, Greta Van Fleet, Eminem, The Doors, Alabama, Kansas, Darius Rucker, Eric Church, Zac Brown Band, Tom Petty, Foreigner, Travis Tritt, Brothers Osborne, Chris Janson, Phish, Cage The Elephant, Coolio, WreckxNEffect, Big Audio Dynamite, Shaggy, Rik Rok, The Big Pink, Twenty One Pilots, Gorillaz, Hootie The Blowfish, Akon, Sublime, RHCP, Naughty By Nature, LMFAO, Redfoo, Dave Mathews Band, Linkin Park RIP Chester, D12, Luke, Apashe, Two Friends, Capital Cities, Trevor Daniel, The Seige, Foster The People, Swedish House Mafia, Notorious B.I.G., Etc.
🌺RainbowGoth	Hi my name is Cassie but please can Call me Whatever 💕 I currently am entering management at Taco Bell. I am a very Alternative/Emo/Retro type of woman. I love video games, and I plan to go into Game design/Engineering/Coding, I am currently writing a Novel called the Crazy Club if you would like updates just DM me. There is so much more I could say but my hands are getting tired Lol! Byeee 🌹
TheInsaneJane	Jane Tapper, no relation to Jake tapper hes a jackhole. Im a bored writer meaning im unemployed, hoping to take over the world one day and jump into the grand canyon as a tribute to Theodore Roosevelt the most bad ass man to ever die. I dont believe in anything except myself its not a ploy on religion its just I am god.
Hiro18	Name Hello, Im Hiro! The 18 is just a number I like, I am not 18 years old, nor was I born in 1918. Although at times it does feel like the latter. 👨 \nCountry Canadaland CA \nLanguages English, French Native, Kindergartenlevel Japanese\nAbout Looking for new ways to meet people. Trying this Discord approach. \nMy DMs are open, feel free to ask any questions about technology your computer problems are brain food to me, Ive touched and worked with pretty much everything! Or if you just want to strike a casual conversation. If you are also into the IT field, let me know and we can nerd out together. read I want to excitedly share my home network lab with you, you, only you who can understand and appreciate without giving me the look. 😴 \nHobbies Technology, Languages, Outdoor Hiking/Biking, Psychology, Electric Cars driving full electric for 6 years now, El Video Games
JackTheRippr	Hello, Im Raheem. Im a 24 year old male from the US. I am a Muslim, but not actively practicing at the moment though consider it very important in my life. Im mainly looking for places to talk until this COVID stuff is over, I also sometimes stream movies on here of you ever get the chance to catch that. I work retail but plan to either get into management or software eventually.
YumYumBerry	Name Duckie\nAge 32\nGender Female\nSexuality Straight\nLocation USA Alabama\nHobbies/Interests Painting, cooking, trail walks, riding horses, 4wheelers, fishing 🎣 \nDislikes Arrogant people, Brussel Sprouts, Oysters. \nPlease ask before you DM me.
Portwine	Hi Im Denny an old hippie from Florida doing digital art
Ra	Name Rafael\nAge 19\nGender male\nSexuality Bi, I guess \nLocal Brazil\nLanguages Portugueses, bad English, almost anything in french\nLikes you, baby , and dumb jokes,\nJust seeking to find somebody crazy to talk\nDm open!
Synth	Name Ork\nAge 2 Sexuality Bi\nLocation Canada\nSpeaks English\nLikes Talking to people about their hobbies or passions, politely discussing politics, video games, RPGs, TTRPGs.
viranye	Name viranye\nAge 23\nSexuality N/A\nLocation N/A\nSpeaks English\nLikes Finding people to play GTA V with
Dk	Name Joao\nAge 16\nSexuality Male\nLocation Brazil\nSpeaks Portuguese, a little bit of english\nLikes talk about the life
alphonso	Name Alphonso. Age2. Sex Male. Speaks English. Location South Africa. Likes Discussing different philosophies
AR1279	Name Roya\nAge 27\nGender Female\nSexuality Straight\nPronouns She/Her\nLocation The States... Traveler \nTalents Confidently, stubbornly ruining everything\nInterests Carpentry, Video Games, Music, etc... Conversations will reveal more.
Portwine	Name Arshad\nAge 24\nGender Male\nSexuality Straight\nPronouns He/Him\nLocation Bangladesh\nTalents Authors \nInterests gathering knowledge
Arrogance	Hey Internet Citizen,\nName Andre\nAge 27\nGender Male\nSexuality Sapiosexual/PanSexual\nPronouns King\nLocation The Netherlands\nTalents Finding everything on the internet within 1 minutes, completely forgetting there is such a thing as the world obligations when reading a good book, forgetting names of people Ive met 5 times but remembering their face the first.\nInterests Everything, especially the later it is at night, then everything gets even more interesting.
Sunny	Hi everyone, I am Sunny. From Pakistan. I am here to find good friends
Andromeda	Name Andromeda\nAge 24\nSexuality Definitely not straight\nLocation UK\nSpeaks The Queens English\nLikes Joji, Stardawg, baggy tops, and good vibes.
Satanas	Name Nick tho everybody call me Sata or Satanas.\nAge 23\nSexuality Straight\nLocation Greece\nLikes Metal music, piercings/tattoos, pets
SameSay	Hi!\nIm me.\nIve realised that Im a bit different from most of my friends, and also most people in general even in communities I like, so its proven hard to get to know people and make friends. Im very introverted but not that shy, loves dark humour. Interested in everything thats dark, deep, depressing and hilarious! Allergic to stupid people. Also otaku, atheist.
Zee	Im Zee. Im a currently a University student. Im an introvert and a bookworm. I am also a musical geek and an otaku.
gematrical	Hi, this is me. Im a psych student by night and a software developer by day. My likes are baduk, programming, reading history, strategy, psychology of performance, youtube and photography. I think I have very good general knowledge but Im absolutely sure I cant make up my mind about what exactly I find interesting. I love going off on a tangent.
Slushyiie	Ello, I currently run a YouTube channel with 154 Subscribers called Illegal Creature. I used to do drama videos but I decided to review technology and talk about games. If you ask, no Im not a furry. I made a whole video about that too. I have 9 years of video editing and only 1 year of experience in digital and traditional art. Im also a weeb who loves Jo to an extent of certain circumstances. Im just here to entertain people. Thats all.
Silverjon	hello i am artist who enjoy digital art. i do have YouTube channel. i am here for talk for stuff and i am not great at make friends.
D	Hi people! I am Jennifer from the Philippines. I like music a lot, i read stuffs and explore new things. Hope we can be friends in the later run. Thank you!
RubySengen	Hi, names Ruby! Im an 18yo trans female and I like girls, music, drawings, games, and other stuff!\nIm shy and anxious but full of heart and trust! If you want to meet me for whatever reason, do dm me or just say hello! /
a.	Hi friends! My name is Matt or just a, im 21, and Im currently a university student and student pilot. Some of my interests are aviationobviously, DnD, musicespecially rock/metal, and vidya games. Im always looking for new friends or people to play games with so feel free to dm or @ if you wanna talk or do something!
paris99	Hey everyone. I am Karissa, or Athena if you fancy. I am an equestrian and love to roleplay, which has brought me to discover discord. Nervous to be here but excited to meet you all!
Portwine	Hi, my names Ellie, Im 19 and I like music and cooking way to much. I like to meet new people, so fell free to text me!
Justin42	Hi everyone! \nIm Justin. Im in college studying prepharmacy. I love to cook and listen to music among other things. Im looking to meet people and build friendships. Always down for a good conversation so hop on by!
emilyyy	Hey guys, Im Emily, Im 18, and I live in Wisconsin. Just on here to find new friends and people to talk to. Hmu 🙂
annuh	Hi uhm Im Anastasia, Im 19 and turning 2 on September 6th. Im officially the child of @Camille and sister to @Braincell so thats cool. Ha... if you wanna know more about me I guess just DM me?
Aelwyd	Hey all! Im Aelwyd Ael for short, I live in Los Angeles and work in the entertainment industry. Love all things needy, creative and film
Aure	My name is Munira thats a girls name, and Im eighteen years old. I live in the United States with my adopted father, but I was born in Syria. Technology is my passion and I wish to create devices to help the future of humanity. I enjoy games, music, and films as my everyday hobbies. I work in a shop that repairs cars currently. Im irreligious, Arab by ethnicity, and looking for friends in this server. In my opinion, freedom is the core value everything should uphold. All people and things should have liberty.\nPlease DM me if youd like to be friends or talk about anything.
Adeesha	Meme bruhh... Im too bored to type a full blown essay so... 😅
vNoio	Yo im 25 y/o vfx artist working out of Vancouver, B.C. Originally from Florida though. Trying grow as an Artist right now and meet some more folks now that Im working from home.
SM	Hello. Im not good at introducing myself. Im 2 and I like writing, discussing and watching shows and anime.\nIm an introvert and Im quite. Human behavior and neuroscience interest me.\nI dont have any topic preferences. I like talking about many different things and what the other person would like to talk about. I joined discord to make new friends. Feel free to dm me.
CornbreadJo	Hello all,\nIm new to discord. A friend recommended checking it out since Im currently on quarantine and bored out of my mind. I searched for Discord servers online and eventually found my way here. So I apologize in advance for not knowing how any of this works.\nI am a 21 year old guy from the good ole Appalachias. Im a fulltime student studying psychology and sociocultural anthropology. In the preplague days I worked as a travel photographer/writer for a local organization promoting Appalachian tourism. Now I watch a lot of old sitcoms and play video games when Im not studying. Or when I should be studying but really dont want to.\nBut I guess thats about all there is to know about me. If you got any green tea recommendations, hit me up
Nikoine	NAME Niko\n AGE 19\n LOCATION Europe, but nocturnal sleep schedule\n LIKEs Music, Tabletops, Games, Memes, Anime, Philosophy, Science, Poetry\n DIsLIKEs Extremists, Censrship, greedy DLCs\n ABOUT ME I spend most of my days working on an RPG tabletop with my friends\nI love music way too many songs playlists and space a lot, among other things, like rain, comfy clothing, and sometimes dancing or writing poems, but Im terrible at those\nFrom books, Terry Pratchetts are my favorite Humans need fantasy to be human\nMy top 6 favorite games are Rimworld, Va11 Halla, Gothic, OneShot, Undertale Minecraft\nBalance, selfimprovement, learning helping others are some of the things that make me feel fulfilled\nFeel free to hit me up with anything Im up for me talks as well as deep philosophical convos
LightlamOn	hey 2 from norway just looking around for some better servers k guess
x1b4	Ahh introductions are always so difficult to write. Well where do I start? Guess telling my name and my occupation would be a good start. Well, Im Daniel, its to meet you! Im 24 and studying cs in Germany. I love to learn about all different topics, especially astrophysics, math and psychology. But chemistry, biology and economics are also very interesting. I also love to start personal projects and leave them untouched for several months. Willingly of course...P\nI spent a lot of my freetime to ponder about various things while listening to some good creative music, thus I dont have THE favorite genre. Uhm I love to cook and experiment with new food/spice combinations. And spending hours watching the nightsky
starr	hello everyone! im starr, 23, she/her, living in los angeles. i love all things film, literature, music, art...yknow, all the good things in life. here to be with friends and meet new ones!
CravingStuff	Name Tristan or Crave. Either works.\nAge 21\nLocation Big ol US hours Arkansas\nPronoun Bro\nAbout Im a guy that smokes weed, dabbles in voiceacting along with many other hobbies, and listens to a lot of music. Mainly Lofi or Synthwave type shit. I like to talk a lot, whether thats good or bad is up to you. If anyone needs anything feel free to ask. Please dont ask for feet pics.
ross	hellllooo! im ross, 31, he/him, living in LA. i am here to vibe thrive
Beoulve	Hiya, folks! Ramsay here, 24, from Brazil. Interested in meeting some new friends and playing games together specially Fall Guys, gotta get that crown. Hope to see ya around 😄
Walker	Hi everyone,Kartik here 21,from India. Interested in meeting and talking with people,cause student life gets a little directionless when there is no college. Will I ever attend an offline semester remains a question.Recently started reading and it opened up my head. Would really love if any of you could suggest me thriller novels or books on psychology and even law. Lastly big anime fan and a PHD in sleeping.I write too much especially stretching sentences
Orvokki	Hi, Im Jenna, 2 turning 21 at the end of month year old political science major from Finland. I live with my bf and our dog. Im here to get to know new ppl and vibe with yall.
Esygrim	Since the evil bot bullies me from the voice channels before i hit level one, here my small intruduction. Hello everyone, im just the average mindful human trying to escape from too many shallow people around me. My interests are only few philosophy, psychology, pc gaming are the prominent ones.
SuperZNinja	Hello Everyone Kunal here, i am 21 from India. I am very talkative and good at making new friends. Currently i am a student and hoping to meet new friends here
Leader	Hello, my name is zach. Im 18 and generally quiet and chaotic. I tend to be more on the toxic side but Im normally chill of you actually know me. Im nihilistic as all hell and my personality is usually quite muted compared to most others. TLDR Im an ass and you most likely wont get along with me
paloma	My name is Paloma and I am bored\n Im Brazilian my english is not perfect I am new at discord, I came here looking for something to take my mind off \nI want to find cool people to talk and laugh
josh2	hii, im gabby. just wanna make sum friends and play warzone. 😁
Nu	Hello everyone. Im Bradathon, but you can call me Brad if you want. Im mostly here to discover new friendships and bonds during these somewhat difficult times. My passion in life is fiction, I love novels, comics, manga, etc etc. My primary passion however, is film. Im working on editing my first short film right now so that is something interesting I suppose! Hope to meet some cool and interesting people here!
nenepiii	Hi everyone. My name is Nene. Like @paloma I am new to Discord. I am hoping to meet some interesting people to talk with on a regular basis. I am in the PNW of the US and am really looking for connections. I speak English duh and Spanish! Some things I like are drawing, reading, anime, the late nights, and having long and deep conversations. Also love stupid convos as I believe laughter is what we all need more of. Anyway, say hello! 💕
albazania	Hiya 😄 my names Alba, 26, and from California kinda shy, but here to chat and make new friends 🙂
Rokan	Hey, Im Rokan. Im 3, and Im just looking for a place to hang out. I have social anxiety and am awkward a bit, but I try my best. I like playing video games, but Im not really into the whole GAMER culture, I just enjoy single player stuff like Zelda, Mario, and Final Fantasy amongst others in order to unwind. Ive also recently gotten into hiking. Hope I can make some friends here.
Seiji	Hi everyone, I am a moderately social person in and out. But Im choosing to open up more. Can fake being jack of all trades, but on one condition that is if you show up
gino887	Hello, my name is Gino, Im 32, and I live in Las Vegas, NV\nI currently work doing technical support for a small but somehow national staffing agency.\nIve been married for 6 years, Im Catholic, and I just enjoy talking to people.\nI play video games sometimes, more of a casual gamer, and Ive gotten more into reading lately.
Portwine	Hey Ashish here ,21 , from earth.\nLooking forward to meet new friends
FlameWraith	Hey FlameWraith here ,22, from california \nLooking forward to meeting new friends
jarvispie	Hello, 29 from India. Working as a software engineer. Already not a very social person and the quarantine makes me feel even more isolated. Just looking for meaningful talks on life, universe and everything! 🙂
Quickfrost	Hey! 25 almost 26 from the USA here. Here to hang and have some good conversations
lowbudgetmemes	Hi, Im Carolyn. I tend to be introverted and Im looking for people to talk too.
Metafiz	Hello, 37 from Canada. Looking for some good conversation and maybe some fun games as well.
tchy	Im Tochukwu from Nigeria. I am 23 but Ill be 24 by oct 16. \nI am new to programming and I love meaningful conversation, open to learning and make friends too.
Rizal	Yo! 2 from Philippines. Im here to practice my English. Ill try my best to be interesting.
danielchananel	Daniel from Nigeria, a freelance web developer, look forward to making new friends
DodgeViperACR16	Hey everyone 👋 , Im name above but you can just call me Dodge or Viper for short way easier than saying and typing the whole name lol. Im 18, from the U.S., interested in cars, photography, history, writing, nerd stuff comic books, anime, etc, and am looking for deeper connections. If you wanna chat 1 on 1 something I tend to prefer when getting to know someone then just ask to shoot me a DM by @ing me.
Kallyzto	Hello, I dont know how to use Discord properly but I was told I it was a great way to meet people online so here I am giving it a try. 25yr old from Brazil, open to conversation
Blizzardin	Hey! Im a 25 year old from The Netherlands. Open to some conversations
Karasis	Hello. I live in Germany and 24 years old. Joined to server to have some conversations going. If possible that is.
Phaedra	Ok.... Ill do this now. Im Amanda, from Arizona, US! I love animals, anything creative and nerdy stuff like chess and gaming... I am working on my masters degree in organizational psychology so that takes up a lot of my time and energy. Im always looking for fun conversations so DMs be open.
LaTorre	Hey people Im Luke, I like to smoke weed and play video games and feel sorry for myself, that kinda stuff. Feel free to DM me cause I know I sound like a really unique person.
Diablo	Hola,Im Joyal,I like playing videogames and travelling.But now this quarantine is killing so feel free to dm me Im open to all!
Marija	hey! im marija and im 2. I like video games, traveling, going out, tennis, and a lot of other little hobbies. DMs are open!
ohcommonlife	hello im david! Im a teacher and i like playing games. im currently stuck on no mans sky. if youre ever down to play something hit me up!
..	hey there, im Garry\nim 18, i like writing poems and also like to codefront end. im well may keep editting it, not sure as of now what to say🙂\nEdit I dance on my roof at night when nobody is watching, been doing it for like 91 months
Kurisotofa	Hi, my name is Kristoffer, 21years old, I dont have much talent but its nice to meet you all
JAY	Hi , I am Jay. Im 23. Looking to meet new ppl make friends n have fun 🙂
Banana	Hi, Im Banana, Im 2, I like literature, skateboarding, anime, movies, music, fashion, and writing Im from Brazil BR
Portwine	Hi! Im new to this, its my first server! Im from Canada and Im 39yrs old. I like anything game related or comic books, cooking, movies, seeing, crafts, and I own a few furry pets. Just looking to chat and make some friends maybe.
Das	Hi, Im Ravi Das. An alter ego spiritual wisdom teacher /guru character. I dont know how discord works too well, but looking forward to interacting. I live in Asia.
Krizzy4Eva	Hey im Krystal. Im 21 and an interaction design student. I love Jesus. Im pretty much new to discord. I use slack for school so I think I already understand the concept. Im open to any conversations.
Dolphin	Yo yo yo Im dolphin, REDACTED years old , Im pretty much the god of discord been banned 3 times cuz of shitty mods and I own an oculus quest
M.	Hey, Im Pedro Manhaes. 27, brazilian and a geology graduate student. Im new to discord, looking for nice conversations. I like healthy life style topics, music, natural science and more,
BChilla	Hey my name is Brenda. Im 43, living in Georgia. Im a software engineer, love to travel but not during a pandemic, reading, Nintendo games, and anime.
Portwine	Wassup peeps.. Shrikanta , Indian. Our reputation goes way beyond our behaviour. 24 , all new to this Discord... Someone really needs up me with with how does this work.
starwoah	Hi all! 👋🏻 just recently joined, thought Id say hello. My name is Seren, Im 27 years old and a UI/UX Designer from the UK GB
Perdita1911	Hi, my name is Priscilla, I am over 4only chronologically, 25 in spirit I live in No. California. I work in primary care/mental health and look forward to meeting other folks to hang out with and shoot the breeze. I like reading, music, gaming, traveling and animals. 🙂
introvertedsoul	Hey, my name is Adnan, Im 25 years old, living in Pakistan. Enthusiastic nonfiction reader and writer. Would love to talk about the philosophy of life. I play games when I see monsters lurking around.
Astrophel	Hey, Im Astro, 25 living and studying in Scotland. Love computing and graphic design, also love playing music guitar and drums mostly 😄 hope everyone is stayin safe xoxo
an.balcer	Hi, my name is Ania, Im 19, living in Poland and studying in London. I love reading and I could read The Secret History literally all the time. I write occasionally and play ukulele horribly, used to play roller derby but stopped bc of covid in march. Love good wine and cigarettes and whiskey from some time. Looking for good conversations!
TheHangryEwok	Hey! Im Frosty, 33, and living in San Diego, California. I have been a musician since I was 13 and I play guitar, drums, bass, keyboard and synth. Music is my passion but cant seem to crack the barrier into popularity. I spend a lot of my free time playing playing video games, reading scifi, reading manga, or watching movies. I love to chat so hit me up!
medley	Hello Im Kerry, I live in southern UK. I work a lot to pay bills and pretty much have no life. Unless you count eating food and sleeping
Goto	Konichiwassup 👋🏻\nHye my name is Wan,I live in Malaysia southeast asia so let see what we got here,umm what do i do for living? Ahha I work as a martial art trainer haiyaaa🏻 hehe. So when i get spare time, I usually draw random people and i get their permission first b4 doing it. So yeah, i love reading,i love watching anime i love you no just kidding i love food ..but food doesnt love me back 😭. And im enjoying my life eventhough its not good as i hope..but life must go on! Keep fighting chayokk!
Shivv	Hi guys , I am Shiv , I live in India. what can I say about myself just a teenager who isnt living but surviving.... Also I have an ability of overthinking
Rennae	Gday Im Nae ..Aussie friendly Female ..3s ..say Hi here to have fun and chit chat with anyone
emmapeep	Hey there, Im Emma 😊 Im 33, Im a school nurse 7 days a week and Ive been a bit lonely as of late so, hoping to make friends here and meet people I can connect with.
Quietriot	Hello, Echat refugee, searching for my friends and new ones also
elitepussy	Hi Im Pluto, Im 19 and I live in London. I use they/the pronouns. Im an English tutor and Ive played ukulele for nearly 5 years. I love cooking and working out, watching anime, reading books and my cat. Here to just vibe I guess
51388	Hey! Im JJ! Im a uni student she/her 🙂 im 2 I love tv movies baking and meeting/talking to new people
Abstract9	Hey. Im Abstract, 18, and a uni student. I enjoy programming, casual gaming and some reading and writing when given time.
leei	Hey! Im Kazi, 22, from India. I like reading, playing, and trying out new stuff!
JustJames	Hi Im James, 22, from the UK. Main hobbies are photography, reading and video games
AlbarnSoul	Hi. You can call me Albarn, im 28 years od from Spain living and working in Ireland. I love playing videogames and watching anime mainly. Nice to meet all of you
Now	Hello! Im Sam, 19, in the US. I like anime, videogames, guitar, music, and learning about philosophy/psychology
alpuntodelamor	Hi, Im Krista. Im 27 and live in the US. I work and Im going back to school right now. I like music, anime, video games, and memes.
RiceeAahhh	Hey, I am Raisa. 19. India. And I am just bored. too much /
Cade	Hi, Im Cade although I am 6, I dont FEEL 6 usually. My wife and I have been retired for about 2 years. We have a cacao farm chocolate! in the Dominican Republic. We lived on our sailboat for about 15 years and cruised around in the western Caribbean for 8 years. Before that, I was an environmental engineering consultant and she was mostly in technical sales. No kids.
CapedBroker	Hello, Caped here! Currently a Comp Sci major. I have lived overseas for most of my life, a whole lot of background in there. I am also a self taught artist and involved in the month long Drawtober thing. Currently involved in a making of a naturebased short film.
hoimarakun	Hey. Im Yash, from Delhi, India. 19. Just bored to death.
Kushzei	I am a person and I like to like things. I like to music and movie too. SOmetimes I even talk. And DM is okay if you are cool. But only if you are cool. 😎
Portwine	I am Eugene from the States. The title of the server got my attention
ehamidi	Im Saad , 21 yo , entrepreneur and pianist , im from morocco \nHobbies playing vg , writing and Reading Books
Allie	Hi! My names Allie 2 years old. Im a broadcasting major from the Philippines. Im an atheist and an advocate of growth mentality. I like reading, watching movies, drinking coffee, journaling and cooking. Im also a big fan of philosophy, specifically stoicism and I enjoy talking about psychology, productivity or anything related to selfimprovement.\nFeel free to DM me if youd like to be friends or talk about anything 💕
Kosmik	Hey guys \nName Kosmik\nAge 24\nGender Male\nInterests video games, books, films, tech, and anime/manga
Marleen	Hi guys. Im Anne 4 years old. Music, art are my hobbys
imbhuvnesh	Hi everyone, Im Bhuvenesh from India. Im a computer science student and I like to read.
Lotus	Hi, im Lotus! Im 2 years old and from North America. Im in University in Human Sciences/Human Relations. I spend most of my days studying. With the current state of the world, when I get some free time I just binge watch some TV shows yep ive become boring. Id consider myself a pretty open minded person with a love for learning about different cultures. I love cats, eating, talking and sleeping. Interested in meeting open minded and genuine people. Feel free to DM
Portwine	Im ron I am 5 years old, and I hate pink hearts and bunnies.
azoth	I am azoth from Pakistan.I am about to fail an exam that just might decide my future so its v chill.Everyones sleeping atm I am trying to feel less lonely
kindzen	Hello beautiful souls, Zen here. I am 21 and my pronounce are He/Him. I would like to make new friends on Discord so feel free to ping me anytime.
WeR1doc1	Sup Im doc 38, american lived in Japan 1 years now...married.. like to enjoy vc often on the way to work, and home.
Miko	hi Im Yana from South Africa, 2yo, I like mac and cheese and movie nights
MrMars	Im kinda bad at intros, but I will try to make it simple\nYou need to talk to me to know more about me ,btw here are some little infos about me.... \nIm super friendly once you get to know me well.\nBe good to me Ill be super good to you\nI love fooball,video games music and movies series so freaking much. You can be my friend in less time than a blink if you are also into these\nI love photography and traveling 😄 although i didnt travel much, but I love exploring and learning 😁\nMy wishes\nWanna join a game/tech industry\nBe a good person throughout my life\nTravel around the world \nMeet Bruno Mars at any cost! 😋\nand lastly I wanna be a billionaire so freaking bad 😛 😛
Myszkin	Hey there! Anna here. You can call me Ania or Annie D \nIm 23 years old and I live in Poland. \nI LOVE coffee and I have two adorable guinea pigs living with me.\nI work as a Technical Writer fulltime and I study Information Technology parttime.
bean	hey there friends! Im Bean, but my actual name is Reina. You can call me Rei for short \nIm 19 years old, I live in the UK. I work for local government as a consultant on paediatric services, specifically ones focused around the care of children and young people! \nI drink a LOT of tea, and I love animals and intellectual discussion. Im very soft at heart but I can hold my own in a conversation its nice to keep my mind stimulated as I get pentup otherwise!\nFeel free to drop into my PMs if youre looking for some meaningful human connection
JeansRUs	Heyo! Im Jeans, Im 19, in Texas, and Im Nonbinary, yall can call me whichever pronouns yall like!\nIm currently a stay at home artist til around late February, I love tea, and smart convos! I also own a cat! \nMy DMs are open! Feel free to drop by and get some art or just talk!
Junkster	yo im junkster also known as jake im 18 and male looking for some people to talk with and play some video games with, i mostly play wow, D2 and CoD if im feeling , im a stoner i own a old dog and i can do smart convos if anyone needs that, i also do some light rp from time to time\nmy DMs are open if you need help with anything or just someone to talk with
agirlwithagun	Hi Im Gwen, Im in the UK. Im a student nurse into walking, photography, cooking, gaming and cooking. I play all kinds of games but Im feeling CoD, ARK and Conan right now. I have two cats and six chickens and I love to meet new people for intelligent or not conversation. DMs are open if you want to chat.
Jroticus	Hello Im Jarrett I go by J tho. Im 19 from Georgia where I work at a nutrition drink shop. I like playing games and plan to join the air force in about a year. I love to talk but hate to type so Im always down for a call. I have more than a couple metal illnesses that I have under some amount of control but I hope to not let them define me. If you ever need to talk to me about depression or anything of the like Ill be around.
GeminiK	Hi, my name is Kirsty she/her and Im in the UK. 23 and currently on a gap year, going to study forensic science hopefully next year. I like games, tea and crafting. Im a bit socially anxious so sorry if I am quiet most of the time.
name	hiiii im Anna and im from the us id rather not share specifics w everyone pls. im 2, currently working on getting my own place and getting myself to college. i work a lot but on my time off im almost always playing among us so if you ever wanna play im your gal 👉🏻👈🏻 im v friendly please dont hesitate to message me!
Ernie	Name/Nickname Thom/Ernie\nAge 19\nHeight 1.83 m\nGender Male\nSexuality Hetro\nRelationship negative\nLanguage Dutch / English\nFrom The Netherlands\nBirthday 21 1 Hobbies I read books from time to time, I like to cook, I program here and there and I love going into nature.\nFuture job / Fun facts about you \nI am a student whos currently in the process of becoming a programmer. I love to talk about almost any subject nonchildish that is, take for instance how you are doing, politics, your life ect. and I like to listen to people. I am the brother of 3 sisters and share my birthday with my twin. If you feel the need to talk, you can PM me whenever. To note that I also play games from time to time but I didnt mention it as this is discord in the end youve actually red it all, have a cookie.
pd22sa	Hey guys. My name is Pranav and Im from South Africa. Im a self taught artist who likes to draw in my spare time. Hope to become friends with you all.
JG	I think i never did an introduction here.. Well\nName Gael\nAge 18\nSexuality Im so straight, a parallel line doesnt even touch me in an indefinite distance.\nRomantic interests Never again.\nInterests some games, some animes, guns, fishing, camping, depressing atmospheres and some other things.\nLikes Dark humor, introvert people, games, different music, unpopular opinions.\nDislikes Liars, loudness, flat earthers, etc.
Malak	Heya! Im Malak, Im 2 y/o and Im a third year Medstudent. I sing and chat for fun, but Im not that good at writing self introductions. What would you like to know?
ati	Attila, 19 yo ME student, into rocket science and physics, love maths and meaningful deep conversations
momorae	Hi, Im Ray she/her, Im 23.Im not great with introductions but Ill do my best\nIm a lil socially anxious so I joined this discord to kinda warm up to interacting with strangers but I apologise in advance if I just end up lurking. Im graduating soon from uni but dont plan to go into that field and am considering something creative...? So Im interested in talking to people around the world in the creative industry or just people who like art so I can kinda maybe figure out a direction art style/career path.\nTopics of interest \nart\nculture\nidentities\nphilosophy\npsychology\nmental health?\nArt stuff? \n I recently started digital drawing, still trying to figure out my art style\n photography? Usually the subject instead of the photographer\n japanese androgynous fashion I would LOVE to learn more about this\nSorry its so long 😅 nice to meet everyone!
permatoxin	Hey, My name is Chase, I am from mississippi, I am 18, i am 63, i love to conversate, but im a lil self concious about my voice at first, i box and do powerlifting not very strong but ill get there i am very mature in a lot of ways, humor is not one of them, i love a good bro thats fucked joke, so hit me with your worst. i am not offended by anything except bullying, hate bullies. and i will ramble on and on about 2 things, my jeep, and my fish tanks. im looking forward to meeting all you beautiful people.
Sierraliz	Hi, I am new here and have no clue what I am doing.
Portwine	uu About Me!\nName/Nickname Glxya/Boba\nAge 18\nSexuality Straight although my hair looks like a noodles\nNationality FilipinoSpanishbread\n \nFavorites Sweet, spicy and something savory. P!ATD, IDKHBTFM, Paramore, Bita and the Botflies, Siames and IV of Spades\nBirthday September 15\nCurrent state Major in Psychology, year 1 and freelance artist\nLikes Art, classical music/musical plays, and memes.\nDislikes people who underestimate me, toxic, narrowedminded, ignorant, karen, narcissist, racists pricks.\nDM status DMs are always open!
BEASTTAMER	Name Exo/Bunny\nNick Name/preferred name Exo\nAge 21\nLanguage English/Some Spanish\nSexuality Pansexual\nGender Female\nStatus Taken\nLocation Texas\nInterested in Making friends/meeting new people\nLikes Meeting new people, gaming, food, traveling, and animals\nDislikes Racism Sexism\nFavorite color Red and Purple\nWhat Im into Im into reading, gaming, and hanging out with people and meeting new people\nAnother fact about me I love to learn new things\nExtra I dont know what to put here but I like bunnies\nDMs Ask please/Open
meggles	Hi, Im Meg, 21. I like drawing, writing, clouds, and wildflowers. I dislike loud chewing, the font papyrus, and chicken noodle soup. Im just looking to make some friends and have good conversation.
JG	Why would you dislike the font papyrus? Let me guess you hate the font comic sans too
Elle	Hello! Its Elle or Ella... Call me whatever you want! Im from Europe and I like music, working out, running and reading.... Im not good at making jokes 😅. I also like meeting new people and getting to know some facts about different cultures! If you wanna talk about anything it can be stupid, you can text me! I have way too much free time!\nPs Dm sliding should be a sport!
oflifeandstuff	hi guys, Im Emily and new here. How do I hop onto VC?
Loading...sorry	Hi everyone! Im K! Im new to discord. Ive wanted to get into gaming for a while. My friends are into gaming and I just love the idea of online gaming with other people as a fun way to connect and make friends! Im so new to discord and not sure how to use it so any help or advice would be so awesome and highly appreciated
Thunder	Hello All! Name Thunderer\nNick Name/preferred name Thun, Thunder, Ill respond to anything close\nAge 29\nLanguage English/Some rather basic Spanish\nSexuality straight\nGender Male\nStatus Single\nLocation Maine USA\nInterested in Making friends/meeting new people/ meaningful conversations and maybe more \nLikes Gaming, Reading, Traveling, and Chess\nDislikes Running but I do it lol\nFavorite color Teal or Black\nWhat Im into Im into reading, gaming, watching Anime, other geeky things\nAnother fact about me I typically dress like Im from the 5s I just really liked the style\nExtra Typically active 7ish to 1 EST\nDMs Sure
Sbu5	Hi everyone. Im sibu\nI like coding... A lot. Maybe a little bit too much. I know a little Java and Python as well as basic web development.\nBesides programming. I love to watch soccer. Huge Manchester United fan. And I really like pizza 😋
Rainbs	Hello everyone!\nName Rainbs U can call me Rain or Rainbow.\nAge 18.\nLanguage English/Portuguese.\nSexuality Straight.\nGender Male.\nStatus Alone.\nLocation Caxias do Sul RS, Brazil.\nInterested in Making Friends and meeting new people.\nLikes Reading, Traveling, Studying, Gaming...\nDislikes idk.\nFavorite color Purple, Pink and Light Blue.\nDMs Open.
JustRaaimin	Name Rick\nNick Name/preferred name Raai\nAge 31\nLanguage English/Some Spanish\nSexuality Hetro\nGender Male\nStatus Taken\nLocation New York\nInterested in Making friends/meeting new people\nLikes Gaming, Psychology, Tech, Movie, and dumbstuff \nDislikes Stupidity that demeans others, \nFavorite color Tan and Orange \nWhat Im into Various things and various times\nAnother fact about me I love to learn new things\nExtra I dont know what to put here but I like bunnies\nDMs Ask to DM
sin	Name Salena \nAge 18\nLanguage English\nSexuality Straight \nGender Female \n \njust interested in making friends, pretty new to this as well. i enjoy reading, watching new films, listening to music as well as discovering new artists. DMs are open whenever, i swear im friendly, a lil depressed, but friendly 🙂
mrmino	Name Keagz\nAge 21\nLanguage English\nSexuality Straight\nGender Male\nStatus Single\nLocation South Africa\nInterested in Gaming, Art, Photography
Lilekue	Name Belinder\nAge 2\nLanguage German/ English\nSexuality IM SO STRAIGHT, MY LINE GOES STRAIGHT DOWN... and never back up c\nGender existing\nLocations Europe
TONI	Name Belindar\nAge 18\nLanguage German/ English\nSexuality IM SO BI I CANT EVEN THINK STRAIGHTTT\nGender something between Bird and Horse female\nLocation Europe
Justin/Schluppi	Name Justin\nAge 18\nLanguage German/ English/ Latin\nSexuality IM SO GAY I CANT EVEN THINK STRAIGHT \nGender something between cute and ugly Im a boy\nStatuts Single because Im a dumb ass bitch\nLocation Europe\nInterested in gaming
b165	Name Chazi\nAge 2\nLanguage English/Polish\nSexuality Straight\nGender Male\nStatus Single\nLocation Europe\nInterested in games, art, cooking, IT, trivia... and any other topic, if you can introduce me to it\nAdditional Info\n I joined this server hoping to meet new people and improve my english\n Im introvert, but I will be more than happy if you start a conversation with me\n Even though Im from Poland, Im not that stereotypical polish dude\nThanks for reading till the end, hope I didnt bore you much
Portwine	Name Ryan\nAge 4\nLanguage English\nSexuality Straight\nGender Male\nStatus Who knows anymore \nLocation SoCal\nInterested in Music, traveling, books...
Portwine	name rin\nrace slow\ngender sad\nsexuality no\nlikes being appreciated \ndislikes everything \nage older than you \nlocation the moon
carlitos	I have clear this is a 18 server but i cant find another for meaningful and mature conversations, Im a minor but i had a adultlike life and i have to act and be responsible as an adult for the things happening in my life, i consider that i can be here and if i cant, ban me. Im sorry for bothering. Now ill introduce myself.\nHello, im User31! You can call me 31 or give me a nickname, im a game dev, i do gardinery, i do exercise, aim practice and some times hunting. I really like to make new friends and im not too interested in books but i like the art in them and im gonna write a book or something like a book. Im Dms open if someone wants to be my friend! Im trying to be always kind to people around me, People this days just know how to complain and hate.
Maei	Name Crystal\nNick Name/Preferred Name Maei Crystals Good, Too\nAge 26\nLanguage English\nSexuality PanromanticDemisexual\nGender Female\nStatus Single\nLocation Canada, Eh?\nInterested In Quite a few things, but for the purpose of this introduction, getting to know peoples stories! \nLikes Gaming, Literature, Art Stuffems, Photography, Music, Tea, and a bunch of other things I cant think of at 2 A.M. \nDislikes Negative Attitudes Conversations Upsetting Stuff\nFavorite Colour Mint Green\nFun Fact I like to sing along when I play and practice ukulele even though Im bad because Im even worse on piano and guitar. 😄 LOL.\nDMs Open! Feel free to reach out to me!
Bunnykins	Hello there! 🙂\nYou can call me Bunny.\nIm indigenous/native somethingelse 😂\nIm from Montana. \nFemale \nTaken\n45\nI love to read, play a few casual games, cook, garden, write. \nI have 3 dogs, 2 cats, and 2 ducks.\nCurrently working as a Direct Support Professional, but thinking I may find a different direction, soon.
Portwine	Name \nAge 18\nGender Agender\nCareer Dream Trauma Surgeon/ Doctors Without Borders\nHobbies Philosophy, Archery, Chess, Weightlifting\nLikes Music/ Cotton Candy/ People\nDislikes Arrogance, Entitlement, Judgmentalness, and Revenge\nFor Typology Nerds ISFP counterphobic 6w5 136 sx/sp SEI\nAbout I crave authenticity, so much so that, to me, a woman is at her most beautiful when shes first woken up in the morning, the morning sun showing off the deep purple under her eyes, her hair a mess, and a zombie breathe that only a lover has the privilege of appreciating as she leans up for a morning kiss. Expression is what I admire most in a person, and Im a nerd who enjoys cuddles and anime, but who doesnt?
aahwaan	Name Dr Jyoti Prasad\nAge 43\nGender Male\nCareer Dream achieved\nHobbies Photography, writing, editing, coding, podcasting, social services \nLikes Music/ movies / making friends\nDislikes Arrogance, Entitlement, Judgmentalness, and Revenge\nAbout I am a simple person who is down to earth and is very friendly. I belong to India. I am new on this platform. Hope to learn new things and skills and of course friends...
ufff..	Name Annananananananass\nAge 23 lol\nLanguage German/ Denglish\nSexuality I dont even care about what i eat today\nGender something between a homless and a horse\nLocations Europe
Kapongo	hey hey, you can call me Kap or Plum, whichever you remember. Im currently an undergraduate student studying electronic engineering. I enjoy listening to music, playing guitar and the piano, playing games, drawing portraits and reading books. Super chill and can laugh at almost anything so dont be shy, peaces.
azula	Name JT\nGender Female, she/her/hers\nAge 26\nSexuality Somewhere between lesbian/queer, not interested in men but do like folks in other areas of the gender spectrum\nLocation US, EST time zone \nLikes Sims, ACNH, tv/movies
Alfred	Name Alfred\nGender Male\nAge 18\nSexuality Hetero\nLocation US, Michigan\nLikes waiting a whole week before doing an introduction, talking to the good people in vc, muted friends, free knowledge from sel, listening to purples drunken ramblings, 191195s music from the Americas or Europe, listenin to folks, background characters, any member from the rat pack, and his cat\nHobbies Bit of this bit of that\nDislikes The general bad things like racism, sexism, fake wisdom, and the Byzantine empire\nWhat is Alfred like Idk ask him
jdavis99	Hi! 😁 \nIm Julian, Im 2, graduated earlier this year and currently trying to find work and also stay sane during covid. Hoping to find some sort of social outlet or way of making friends, since I currently have like 1 IRL friend where I live right now. Living in the USA east coast but I went to university in the UK. \nI tend to be kinda shy with new people at first, but I warm up over time. I like music currently learning piano/keyboard, games I majored in Game Design!, running, and art. I also have 2 dogs!
writerwithoutsound	My name is Jaden. Im 2 year old female. Im planning to go to college next year. Im kind of a shy person but feel free to dm me. I like anime, podcasts, writing,books.
soooms22	Hello! Su here. \nAge 32 \nGender Female\nLanguage English\nLocation Singapore\nHobbies Reading, Music, Photography, Walking in nature, Yoga, Pilates\nComfort food 85 dark chocolate\nNew here, would love to make friends and get to know peoples stories! Do DM and reach out to me! 😁
leklexa	heyy.. my name is lexa\ngender female\nnationality Philippines\nlocation stuck in Qatar\nstatus single\nsexuality straight\nI love music. I like meeting new people and finding out more about their music preferences.\nI have a lot of TV series I still need to finish. please send help, tie me down and finish them\nguilty pleasure 9s rom coms\nim almost always online so feel free to dm me 👋
RB	Hi! Im Raquel!\nAge 26\nLocation somewhere in Europe.\nNew here, havent quiet figured out how this works, but feel free to reach out. Im a very shy person, but Ill do my best.
IAcoladez	Yo whats going on? Im Jason \nAge 21\nGender Male\nNationality Im from the United States\nLocation Im from a yee yee state\nStatus Taken\nSexuality Straight\nHobbies As of right now, Ive started taking song writing seriouslyrap, and one day youll be seeing me doing concerts in your state, or your country. I live, and breath music as it has helped me multiple times throughout my life, and I wont be stopping until I make it in the rap industry, if youre curious about anything else you can always just ask me
Portwine	Hey guys, Im new here on Discord. You can call me Rose, Roselyn would be fine too. \nIm 19 years old and Im excited to be part of this group Ive always loved to write poetry, as much as reading book. And yeah Im happy to be here and exchange thoughts with you on any topic
gvim	Hi everyone. DM me if you want to chat! I have an affinity for infinity.
SeSi	@Flowww Hey Flowww , this channel is reserved for introductions only. If you have a question, please take it over to conversation or conversation2. Thank you.
vvitchykitty	hi im morrighan or mj.\n24. she/her. \ni live on the east coast of the US\ni like to game and sleep ig \nthats me summed up
Squiggly	Name Ethan\nAge 2 Gender Male\nLocation US of A\nHobbiesGaming, playing guitar and writing music
gulabjamooon	Hello. I am Preeti. 2 yrs old. She/her. I like reading and watching movies/shows. Open to dms.
aleaffalls	Name Leaf \nAge early 5s\nLanguages English a little bit of French and Italian\nSexuality Pansexual \nGender Male\nLocation Ohio, US \nInterested in Meeting nice people, fun and intelligent conversations \nLikes literature, poetry, jazz, lots of other music, writing, hugs, Jungian psychology, cinema, science, technology. Im always learning and Im a voracious reader. \nDislikes Pointless arguments, rigid gender roles, arrogance, closed minds. \nDMs Open
Rennae	Im Nae ..👀 Just a friendly easy going Person from Australia in her 3s ..Love to yap about anything really ..If ya feel like a chat send me a DM 🌺
Mein	Hey everyone im Nolen im 2 and just looking to hav some fun convos
shengeN	Hey whats up, 2 years old Male , currently in Asia and moving a lot due to university and stuff, into pop culture and geeky stuffs, used to be into pro gaming, now playing causally and chilling and streaming sometimes, can talk about anything and everything since i read a lot, astronomy, physics, science, politics, conspiracy theories, unsolved mysteries any general knowledge you name it, hmu if youre bored.
Portwine	Hey My name is Charlie i am a 2 year old writer/wannabe actor from the sleepy state of oregon like horror movies,true crimes,and writing.note i have really dark humor
Grax	Hello, 3s M, West Coast US, enjoying the great weather it affords, reading, motocamping, and traveling all over before the pandemic. Lets talk about different places and foods. DMs open. Had some good ppl and conversations thus far, cheers
Porterfield	Lets hit it peeps. Im Gursimran singh aka Guri turned 2 on this 2th of November. Got you bit confuse huh Lol. Living up in the north India besides Himachal that would be Punjab. As for occupation, Ive got nothing besides Learning programming and working part time. Like other Punjabis, Ive got my hopes and eyes on Canada cliche 😆. For my Gender Reveal, I am a Male Shows brightly in my pfp. If you are thinking what does this guy like huh? Then i am gonna let your brain relax a bit and just make your eyes moves a bit to right. Yes this way Series mainly American, British and somewhat indian too and kdrama, MoviesAs long as they keep me entertain, MusicRock, Pop, Jazz, lofi, Opera, Rap, Alternate/Indie, Cricket, bit of a foodie, Coding, Youtube and ofc, Anime. On the contrary, I dont like bully, Perverts and Ghosters yes right, the one who ghost people. Totally Rude!. Not trynna look for a relationship tho SINGLE just tbc. What am I looking for would be a great friend doesnt matter if they are Male or female No discrimination. If you came this far, Youve certainly got my attention. Being a smarty and reached direct to the end of this introduction, to know that youve read this gigantic thing. Ive wrote something about a trip, tell me where it took place in your first message to me. Thats all, Folks. Adios
AlbarnSoul	Hello there my name is Carlos born in Spain but moved to Ireland. I am 28 years old Im a big fan of videogames, manga, anime and superhero movies lets say im a nerd. Im kinda shy but easy going person. My friends say I am funny... sometimes. I usually get lost in conversations talking about random stuff. Really bad remembering names.
ElectricAngel	Hi! Call me Maddie. I am a college student in the US. I like cute things and one of my goals is to have an aesthetic/cute room lol. Im into art 🎨 like drawing and stuff, but I lose motivation a lot! I have an art insta though, social media stuff, theater, video games, and a lot of other introvert activities. IDK I feel like my interests are so broad, so Im not like an expert in anything. I like watching commentary Youtubers the most. I like travelling which isnt really... possible at the moment lol. I have a huge sweet tooth 🍬. I value communication a lot and I really hate close minded people. I hope to become good friends with a good amount of you guys haha.
Persephone	Im 29 years old, studying to become a mortician. My interests are literature, cosmetics, mma, gardening, cooking, software development, cartoons, comics, research, video games, ballet, etc.
rose💐	Hi my name is rose , born in United state , I am 28 years old. Bsc in accounting , I love to work outgym and I love going to the beach 🏖.
Skelton	Names Sid the Skelton \nIm a 21 year old guy \nWho is going to college for theater \nWarning to all Im a bit of a flirt\nIm an open book \nSo my dms are open \nAnd you can ping me anytime
MissSo	Hello, Gen Xer 46. Just enjoy discussing these types of topics with others sometimes as far as psychology and mental health issues, etc.
Balmeremay	My name is ameizin\n24 mx Criminologist and embalmer\nI want to feel that I belong to some place that is not full of minors
Zirconiumfetus	Usually referred to as Zirc on discord. An older individual looking for friends and conversation. Hobbies are reading weird fiction is my jam, video games, and music tastes lean to the heavier side and Ive been pursuing guitar again as of late.
ActiveWave	Hello there! I should probably give you an intro! Im Active, 22M from Scotland. I love in depth conversations about most things, watching anime, playing all sorts of games and am quite the tech head. Im probably a little chilly at first, but pretty warm once I get to know you more.
Darky	Heyo loves! My name is Dark.I am a female who lives in United States. 21 years old\nI spend most of my time playing video games/talking to people on call for absolutely no reason/working. My favorite game is call of duty black ops 2, specially the zombies. \nI hate anything with chocolate. Yeah, I know. AHH not much of a sweet person. I do however love homemade sweets. \nHope to make some good vibes!
Peridot	Hello my names Hany. Im a 3rd year chemical engineering student with a goal to work in sustainable energy. Im from Canada. Some of my hobbies include reading/listening to books, listening to podcasts, drawing, writing, playing chess, knitting, vr/gaming and tarot/crystals. I really like anime and watch disneyplus and netflix too. Anytime you wanna chat about deep things like the universe or chill things like whats your favorite show, Im down!. Oh Im also really into zodiac signs and the mbti things, so Im an aries and an INFJA. If you know yours, feel free to share with me if you want to!
DaddyJustice	em all i can say is sup i guess,people usually call me Justice or Ex i tent to swear alot without any intention emm shit what can i say you eather tolerate me or na
bec	hey there! I have just finished university, just on my first job ever! My hobbies are drawing digitally recently, some pc games, and just recently started reading again! I also like medical/science stuff i work in the field, netflix etc. I have recently got into more couch coop games feel free to dm me if you want someone to play with over steam play together
LoLoDolo	Im Lolo. I might be lost? Maybe you guys will let me hang around a while?
Melt	Hello everyone! This is my first time in a public chat and my first time talking in English. I am a .NET developer from Argentina and my hobbies are martials arts and play WOW. Hope to enjoy my time here with you all!
aethius	Hi everyone. My name is Marko and Im from Croatia. I work as a business salesman in IT sales company. I am here to meet new people and have some new meaningful and/or intellectual discussion, good healthy debate and maybe learn a thing or two. I dont necessarily need to find people that agree with me, I think I can learn a lot from people with diff
burnitator	Hi im Bastian im 27 and im French. I had a pretty very successfull studies and now im unemployed and today im ready for anything that might include a small lead bullet into my brain. Feel free to DM i really need to talk and im a good listener thays what u get for being an unwanted child i gues? I like music, pop culture and smart stuff since i kinda am one of em. but if you wanna talk beyonce im ok with that. Actually im despered pls talk to me
bec	Bastian arent all smart people depressed? Thought that was a criteria to be smart.
sousushi	hello everyone, Im Souhaila , female, 18 and Im Moroccan living in the Netherlands. Im in my last year of high school. My hobbies are reading, cooking, anime, history and baking, playing cards, knitting. My personality is ENFJA. I love meeting new people and i am a good listener. I hope to make some friends here. I have to say i am new on discord and I dont know how everything works here ha.
IThinkALot	Hi! Im Amyra and Im 15 year old female. Im from india. I love reading, writing and drawing. I dont have many friends, Im an introvert but I like talking to people and knowing more about them. Im shy at first but I enjoy making friends which is why I am here. 😀😀
Melt	Hello Amyra! When i was young i was introvert too and also i didnt have many friends. But everything can change if you want! Hope you enjoy your time here!.
Name	Whats up everyone! Im around Arjun. Bit lonely and hate all of my friends. There isnt much to know about me ig
deku..skrub	Hey Im adam or skrubadubadub as my friend likes to call me... Yes like the rubber ducks 😂. Im here to meet a new type of people and break off from the same few friends I talk to 24/7. I like gaming? And Ive just started learning korean. Hope i can get along with everyone
Portwine	Hi, I am Aaron, I am a comic artist, drawing and writing my own graphic novel if not working on contracts. Drop me a dm if you wanna chat!
Kenzzz	hi guys im in my 2s and from minnesota, I finally got discord after a few gaming friends asked me to join and found a few communities that seem nice. Ive had a lot of shit happen this year who hasnt and my therapist thinks making some new friends would be good for me 😛 only half joking. Anyway i dont know how active I will be but ill take a look around. also i just posted the same introduction in another server i joined, dont kill me 🙈
DeCalibur	Im here to meet fellow human beings like myself. Thats pretty much it lol.
KenUNot	Hii everyone! Im Haley \nAge 26\nGender Female\nLocation Canada\nStatus Married\nSexuality Bi, Ace\nHobbies Into everything Nintendo but usually play PC games. Also enjoy walking, hiking, and a lil crocheting. Spend most of my time these days binge watching netflix and playing left for dead 2 or silent hill.\nNew here! but always looking to meet new people and make friends, i very much like cats, tattoos and everything horror. Open to any questions you may have! im a bit reserved and shy at first but I do my best to keep good conversation.
titobito	Hi👋\nNameAMIR\nAge19\nGendermale\nHobbieswatch moviewatch streamMultichannel managementPlay video game\nA month later, I start studying medicine at university
ItsameMommyo	Hi! My name is Simmy. Im 29 and I go by any pronouns most ppl just go with she/her for me. I like video games, philosophy, psychology, jokes, movies, and animals! I have a cat named Maribeth and a romantic partner named Cris. I look forwards to getting to know you all. C
SoldatyBezGranits	Hello everyone, my name is Nikolai, I am from Eastern Russia. 28, employed, I like to read, I play board games, and exercise. I look forward to meeting you all.
KelBlock	Hello. Im just here for conversations sake, just to see where things go. I do 3D modeling, lots of chatting, and good ol video games. Lets see if anything articulates from this, hehe
Boojwazee	Hey Im Marie. I enjoy meaningful convos thats why Im here.
Portwine	Hi! Here to chat with people and alleviate quarantine boredom. I love fantasy, horrror, theology, and spicy food.
btmx	Hello everyone, I am currently a solo stepcat dad, have been since September, I dont have access to a people, just gone into another lockdown and would love to be able to talk to anyone about anything other than covid / Ta dar.
JustMeAm	Hey. Im a 43yo, f, from US. Ive never went on anything like this, but this quarantine sucks as much as I love my kids/grandbabies.... I really miss/need some, immature, adult conversation! I love to talk about.... anything. Serious or... not so serious. My hobbies/interests are.... what is that? My kids/grandbabes, take up most of my spare time! But I will MAKE time, to socialize, so I dont go any crazier than I already am! 😜 When I say, immature adult conversation, its bcuz I KNOW that I dont act the way my mom acted when she was 3, much less 43! I take my responsibilities very seriously, but other than that, I think my mind didnt age with the years! I feel like... I can not be the only person that feels this! I do have friends, that I work with stuff, but.... Id like other ones, too! Most of my friends that I talk to, Ive been friends with, since middle school I love them all, but.... sometimes I feel daring wanna venture out? Anyways, get aholda me if ya feel like chattin or, even if ya know how to use this site, a little bit, so that.... maybe u could share ur knowledge 😜
Tortuga	Hello, My name is Dan, I am here for some fun conversations. I like hiking, reading fiction, write code, Philosophy, Jokes, Movies. Mostly I find myself on listener side. So, hit me up If you need someone to just listen, or have casual conversation. Looking forward to talk to you all. 😄
Dragonzire	Hi, Im Iz, I JUST turned 18 today and thought I would give this server a try. I like reading, writing, drawing, astrology, and let me tell ya, I do not act 18.
Raiden	Hello, some of you might remember me as Raheem, Im 25 years old and I made a new Discord because I dont remember the email I made my old Discord under.
CRV1D	hey im corvid. drag for shorts. programming and cybersecurity, reading, art, bdsm, music, some philosophy. im 24. i like to talk to different people, get different perspectives. teach me something new and its a good conversation.\nedit apparently bdsm is a nogo.
lonelysoul	hello! i forgot to introduce myself. im a lonely soul looking for more friends to grow my ecircle. i decided to give gaming a try and see if i can expand more of my social circle and find other things to fill up my time.
Qhucy	Hello everyone!\nIm a lonely soul like most people here during these challenging times living alone. Im wanting to form new connections and friendships with amazing and like minded people who I can talk to often so feel free to talk to me.\nAs to who I am Im a 19 year old first year college student studying computer science who lives in California.\nIve been programming Minecraft plugins, Discord Bots, and small games for many years and write mostly in Java but have been learning massive amounts of Python recently. I also have a large desire to learn much about more programming languages in the future too such as Rust, Kotlin, HTML, and Javascript.\nHowever, programming all the time also means that most of my life is spent listening to music. I listen to genres such as hip hop, rap, emo rap, and edm. Some of my favorite artists are juice wrld, playboi carti, lil uzi vert, lil peep, and much more ask me about it if you want. I love to talk about music and be immersed to it so feel free to message me about it if you want.\nI also am very interested in talking about existential crisis, philosophy, psychology, psychedelics, and many things along these lines so feel free to talk about this as well with me.\n🙂
Omiii	Hello Everyone! Im omii, from haikyuu if you get it 😉 i enjoys lot of things! you can talk to me about anything! im an open book i just turned 18! its pretty cool i guess. i like to read, write, play volleyball i kinda suck buts it fun. Im currently in college studying to be a veterinarian but that might change to a marine biologist dont know yet! Im open to new friendships thats why i joined this server!
jimmy	I havent introduced myself yet so heyhey im jimmy , 21 years old from Europe. My native language is Dutch so if you ever catch me making grammar mistakes in English you know why \nI spend most of my free time practicing guitar , im very much into 6s and 7s blues/psychedelic rock music. Other than that im into cars like most guys i do enjoy playing games on switch pc to kill the time during lockdown. \nwould be a pleasure to make some friends in here!
GobelinJon	Howdy all, Im jon, from Western Australia. I play guitar and cook a lot, and play pc games when Im not at my full time job. I also drink too much.
helloitsclara	Hello, Im Clara, Im from the Czech Republic and Im 18. I love playing the piano and the guitar, listening to whatever music genre, reading, or just watching YouTube when Im bored. I struggle with anxiety, its really hard for me to make any friends so Im hoping I can make some in here. Nice to meet you all
ellajames	Hey, all. Im Ella. Im from the US MN and am 29 years old. My hobbies include absolutely everything because Im a fing nerd and love learning/research. But also photography. Im a clinical social worker and I specialize in complex trauma. I hate scary movies and all movies with animals in any capacity. Oh. And Im vegan. But Im not an annoying af vegan. And Im an atheist.
thedragonball	Hey there people Im AJ and am 21 years old. I love anime and singing. I am an introvert ...hate LGBTQ and its followers
silveronblue	Howdy all!\n23 year old neuroscience major/psychology minor, lifelong boxer, student of pool/pocket billiards, grew up under a rock in my own little small town version of letterkenny. Somehow became the toughest man of that letterkenny in specific on my journey to become the wisest man in that little letterkenny.
UnwantedDonut	Hey, Im Melodie, Im 18. I love to sing and to color. I live in a small town so not much to make friends with lol. Im currently an army wife with not much to do but work and sit at home. But Im shy at first but once you get to know me Im pretty chill, I guess. Feel free to message me
WormHotel	hey hey im andy i play guitar like music and night walkin
Pheonixxx8	Hi everyone, I am Pheonixxx8. Its lovely to meet you all
Sundae	Hi everyone. I am Sundae. I like to play guitar and football. Nice to meet yall
Ungatonga	Heyo everybody, my name is JC. Im a very talkative person so feel free to dm! I also read and go out when I have the chance. I hope I can make new friends!3 Im also really terrible with directions
j.	hi, guess I should make an introduction\nmy names j, short for my actual name. Anything else Id prefer be disclosed through conversing
aethermage	hi 👋 im emmy, i like art and chill games, im 24, at uni and struggle with anxiety so its not always easy to socialise, i hope i can make some good conversation here 😅
Jacob999	Hi Im Jacobi Im 21, I work alot so wont always be active but I enjoy deep conversations about real life topics amongst like minded or open minded individuals. Rastafari
aboa	Hi! Im Amy Im 18 new to discord and everything, just want to make new friends, build my confidence and have good conversations 🙂 feel free to dm
josinho	whatsup people. im from brazil! hit me if you want to know anything from down here
zoey	hi Im zoey and Im hoping to make friends and have fun
Badhabit	Hey, Im Cody. I study biology, Im thinking premed. I grow plants, and have a few cool pets. Id like to meet new people
ThrowingKnife	Hello all, I like behavioral science/ neuroscience, Im secular, I like reading a bit, talking politics a bit, just want to chat and have friends D
Winwishu	Hai! Names Winwishu, but you can call me Wishu, or Winnie, anything as long as its nice. Im 25 years old and do stippling styled tattoo art, lots of writing, though my main hobby is my side profession as an NSFW voice actor. Im pretty laid back, so dont be afraid to say hello!
fleetinGGlimpse	Hello, I am a physicsbiology studentpost grad, i am interested in the topics related to science, artmusic, poetry, literature, philosophy, human experiences, and languages. I just installed this app, I am little confused about how to find individuals for conversations. If any of you have similar interest please feel free to message me.
c	Hi Im Thomas and Im 21 and work for a private military contracting company. I also like, singing/music, cooking, guns, tactical stuff,suits/mens formal wear, nice people, respect, gratitude, and I do voice acting for a side job.
thewolverine	Hi i am a 18 year old student interested in reading , writing, speaking basically its anything with words.
Rudrakshpadha	Hey I am 18 commerce student \nBut have intrest In computer, biohacking, cosmology,photography and psychology
71.seth	yooo im a chill guy i make music on soundcloud and shit
TonyV	Hey! Im Tony. Im 19 years old and am just looking to meet new people.
Tsu	Hello, Im Crystal but you can call me Tsu. Im 29 and I just love spreading love and making art.
gp	Heyy you all.. Am 19 yrs old.. I am a uni student.. And would love to interact with you all!
Angryturtles11	Hi Im Ryan I am a 2 yr old man and I am looking to meet new people.
cheezySZNx	Hey everyone, my names J, 25 years old, just looking to meet new people, maybe even play some PlayStation or just chat, my dms are always open 🙂 Ive been through mental health struggles of my own so if anyone wants a set of ears Im there
IbsenGibson	Hello Eveyone, for the sake of it you can call me Gamer, or Zed as well, Im an English Literature Student open for a conversation, here to learn and explore different cultures and make internet friends I guess. Dms are Open.
Baby	Hey, Im 3 w my bday right around the corner. Female, live down south with my cat. I work in Marketing and am actually back in school which is weird. But prior to this I lived many, many lives. Id like to find other people that like digging deep in their brain and hashing stuff out verbally. Got a lotta experience in the dark arts if ya know what I mean. I also have done a lot of healing and growing. I like to share that kind of discussion of always trying to do better w someone. Dms are open!
PumpkinSpiceKay	Hey, Im Kayleigh. 2 in my last year of my undergraduate degree, events management. Hope to go into marketing/publishing. \nHave a passion for reading, so hmu if you want to share recommendations.\nOverall, a loving philosophical bean wanting to find others on the same wavelength. No shallowness here👍
PhilMcCrack	Hello, Im Tim, im 27 years old, just here to see some new perspective.
Medhi	Hello,\nI am Joni Medhi from AssamIndia. I am 2 years old. From profession i am an social media Marketerentrepreneurdigital marketer. Just looking to meet new people, maybe we can build a business relationship or just chat, my dms are always open.
jordannn	Hi! Im Myra, 2, from India as well. Im studying electrical engineering and i like reading, watching movies, drawing and writing. Here to make some friends haha, cause I have a massive dearth of them.
anjonoexiste	Hello, Im Anj and I study earth science in Seattle. Im a nature nerd and I love exploring my garden for insects and other cool critters. Im having a hard time meeting people and making connections which is what brought me here! I look forward to meeting some new friends and learning about people and cool stuff from across the world! 😊
Holly3	Hello, Im holly, Im 17, new to this app, please message me, add me on snap, or insta idm just dm me and everything will be great 😂
belikebro	Hello, im shaarukes , im 19, recently joined this app, you can message me or dm me on this app or instagram...currently studiying A levels for quantom ingenering
Toe	Hey, Im Murtaaz, Im a bit young for this 15 but i just joined to make new friends bc Im having quite a lot of trouble with that. So i mean if you want to. be my friend please dm me. Thanks!
BayanAWTF	hello, my name is Bayan, im 36, i strive to be a successful musician, i have made it before with my previous band, but now that i work solo i havent made it yet, and when i look at artists like kevin skinner whos made it at 42 or mike yung whos made it at 58 it gives me the motivation to try harder and not give up on my dream despite that everyone around me keep telling me im running after something that will never come true.
MatiasZen	Hello, My name is Zen. Im 32 and I like talking, but dont always find the time to. I sometimes find it difficult to open up and meet new people. This is an attempt to rectify that and maybe make some friends along the way. I travel the country and sometimes world for business. Its nice to meet you all, and I hope everyone is doing as well as they can be.
imlonely	Hello I am Rahma and I am 13. I joined this because I am lonely and I want to make some friends. I am a Pakistani and Ik u guys will hate me now but tahts who I am and u cant deny from where I belong. I was born and raised in Saudi Arabia. Some people are rlly kind on this app and I hope I get to meet more kind people who bring positivity
dardums	Hi, I am just new in discord try to figure out what is this about. Eventually I knew that most of gamers use this app to communicate cmiiw. Since I am not a gamer, so I end up here, try to have a meaningful convos and grow fruitfully as much as possible. If ure from Shanghai Japan and willing to answer my questions related to those countries, just let me know thanks in advance.
Mel	Hi Im Mel, 26 from Canada. I studied IT, but only do that part time. Im just looking to make some new friends from all over. I love animals I have two cats, people, art, nature, music and much more. Im friendly and dont judge. 🙂
PS	Hi, Im Paola pretty new at discord so just trying to figure it out. Im 27 and work in IT, I live in Portugal but Im currently relocating to Brussels!
she/her	Hi, everyone! Im a social media manager and online community manager based in NYC. Im 24, brand new to Discord, and so excited to have found a server for 18 that is focused on thoughtful conversation 😊 Cant wait to dive into discussion with yall!
Jade	Hi Im Lyn Jade Im 5 and from Arizona, US. Im a lowly customer service rep lol and have been for over 25 years. I mostly work from home these days. I love meeting new people from all over this beautiful world. I love animals, reading, camping, hiking, swimming pretty much anything outdoors and I couldnt live without music. This looks like an amazing server and I cant wait to meet people. 🙂
